{
    "title": "GETTYSBURG: MCPHERSON RIDGE - North & South: American Civil War Mod Gameplay",
    "description": "Battle of Gettysburg (Day 1) July 1, 1863 -\n\nSo far the civil war has been a bloody stalemate, but after the victory at Chancellorsville, Robert E. Lee marches his army to Pennsylvania in late june.  Awaiting Lee is the Union\u2019s Army of the Potomac, commanded General George G. Meade.  The armies clash on July 1, 1863 at the crossroads of Gettysburg.  The confederates were able to drive the outnumbered Federal defenders back through town to Cemetery Hill, located a half mile to the south.  Lee wanted to push his attack before Union reinforcements arrived. He ordered Gen. Ewell to attack, but Ewell declined to order the attack, considering the Federal position too strong.  Three more Union corps arrived overnight to strengthen its defenses.\n\nThis a massive battle on the Mod called North & South: American Civil War.  It's a scenario battle with more than 20,000 troops on the battlefield. You can download it here: http:\/\/www.twcenter.net\/forums\/showthread.php?670856-Release-North-amp-South-American-Civil-War-Version-1-0-October-24-2014\n\nJackie's Channel: https:\/\/www.youtube.com\/user\/Jackiefishhhhhh\n\n\nIf you enjoyed the video don't forget to Like and Leave a comment :D\n\n----------------------------------How You Can Support Me! ------------------------------------\n\n- Like, share and leave a comment :D\n- Turn OFF adblock or whitelist my channel (Only if you want to :P)\n- Send me a GREAT battle Replay: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n\n------------------------------------------Connect With Me!-----------------------------------------\n- Email: pixelatedapollo@gmail.com\n- Twitter: https:\/\/twitter.com\/PixelatedApollo\n- Steam Group:  http:\/\/steamcommunity.com\/groups\/apollosknights\n- Twitch: http:\/\/www.twitch.tv\/pixelatedapollo\n- TeamSpeak: thewarcamp.vortexservers.com:10124",
    "videoid": "117407014",
    "date_created": "1457467200",
    "date_modified": "1507771994",
    "type": "captivate",
    "layout": "video",
    "url": "\/v\/gettysburg-mcpherson-ridge-north-south-american-civil-war-mod-gameplay\/117407014"
}